Capture Filters
When Wireshark loads, we’re
presented with a basic window
where we can select the network
interface we want to monitor
as well as set display
and capture filters.
We can use capture filters to reduce
the amount of captured traffic
and narrow our focus to the
packets we wish to analyze.
We’ll start by selecting the
interface we’d like to monitor
and we’ll enter a capture
filter for our lab subnet.
In this case, we use the net filter
to only capture traffic
within a specified address range.
With the capture filter set,
we can start the capture by double-clicking
our VPN network interface, tap0,
from the list of available interfaces.